SWIFT-927 Extended JSON Guide (#518)
mongodb/mongo-swift-driver: Guides/JSON-Interop.md

A thorough example Canonical Extended JSON document and its relaxed counterpart can be found 
[here](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/extended-json.rst#canonical-extended-json-example).

### Generating and Parsing Extended JSON via `Codable`
The `ExtendedJSONEncoder` and `ExtendedJSONDecoder` provide a way for any custom `Codable` classes to interact with 
canonical or relaxed extended JSON. They can be used just like `JSONEncoder` and `JSONDecoder`.
```swift
let encoder = ExtendedJSONEncoder()
let decoder = ExtendedJSONDecoder()

struct Person: Codable, Equatable {
    let name: String
    let age: Int32
}

let bobExtJSON = try encoder.encode(Person(name: "Bob", age: 25)) // "{\"name\":\"Bob\",\"age\":25}}"
let joe = try decoder.decode(Person.self, from: "{\"name\":\"Joe\",\"age\":34}}".data(using: .utf8)!)
```

The `ExtendedJSONEncoder` produces relaxed Extended JSON by default, but can be configured to produce canonical.
```swift
let bob = Person(name: "Bob", age: 25)
let encoder = ExtendedJSONEncoder()
encoder.mode = .canonical
let canonicalEncoded = try encoder.encode(bob) // "{\"name\":\"Bob\",\"age\":{\"$numberInt\":\"25\"}}"
```

> The `ExtendedJSONDecoder` accepts either format, or a mix of both

Reviewer: nit: end line with a colon

by doing something like this: 

```swift
let encoder = ExtendedJSONEncoder()
let decoder = ExtendedJSONDecoder()
ContentConfiguration.global.use(encoder: encoder, for: .json)
ContentConfiguration.global.use(decoder: decoder, for: .json)
```
 in your `configure.swift`.
 
 In order for this to work, you will also have to include extensions that ensure conformance to Vapor's 
 `ContentEncoder` and `ContentDecoder` protocols. The snippets below should be sufficient for doing that.
 ```swift
extension ExtendedJSONEncoder: ContentEncoder {
    public func encode<E>(_ encodable: E, to body: inout ByteBuffer, headers: inout HTTPHeaders) throws 
        where E: Encodable
    {
        headers.contentType = .json
        try body.writeBytes(self.encode(encodable))
    }
}
 ```

```swift
extension ExtendedJSONDecoder: ContentDecoder {
   public func decode<D>(_ decodable: D.Type, from body: ByteBuffer, headers: HTTPHeaders) throws -> D
       where D: Decodable
    {
        let data = body.getData(at: body.readerIndex, length: body.readableBytes) ?? Data()
        return try self.decode(D.self, from: data)
    }
}
 ```

> To see a some example Vapor Apps, check out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see some example Vapor apps using the driver, check out
```

[Examples/VaporExample](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/tree/master/Examples/VaporExample) or 
[Examples/ComplexVaporExample](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/tree/master/Examples/ComplexVaporExample).

## Using `JSONEncoder` and `JSONDecoder` with BSON Types

> Currently, some BSON types (e.g. `BSONBinary`) do not support working with encoders and decoders other than those introduced in `swift-bson`, meaning Foundation's `JSONEncoder` and `JSONDecoder` will throw errors when encoding to or decoding from such types. There are plans to add general `Codable` support for all BSON types in the future, though. For now, only `ObjectID` and `BSONDocument` (with only elements that have such support) will work with these and other encoder/decoder pairs. If type information is not required in the output JSON and only types that include a general `Codable` conformance are included in your data, you can use `JSONEncoder` and `JSONDecoder` to produce and ingest JSON data.

Reviewer: `ObjectID` -> `BSONObjectID`

also, is "`BSONDocument` (with only elements that have such support)" correct? it looks to me like it just follows the same code path as any other BSONValue type and would hit the same errors.

Reviewer 2: Oh you're right--I'm not sure where I got that idea. Fixed.

Reviewer: I think we maybe _used_ to do that in the driver, but stopped doing so at some point prior to 1.0.

``` swift

> let doc: Document = ["x": ObjectID(), "date": Date(), "y": 3.5]

Reviewer: ObjectID -> BSONObjectID

Reviewer 2: fixed
